General api overhaul (#324)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast_clients.md

nav_order: 1
---

# COVIDcast Libraries

> Dedicated COVIDcast clients are available for several languages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dedicated COVIDcast access and analysis libraries are available for several languages:
```

analysis functions. For installation instructions and examples, consult their
respective webpages.

> To access our Epidata API (Other Diseases) visit our [Epidata API Client Libraries)](client_libraries.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Epidata datasets on other diseases, visit our [Epidata API Client Libraries)](client_libraries.md) documentation.
```
